what's up you guys it's tutorials for
techies here and I have a very special
review for you however I have a review
of the brand new vizio 55 inch TV that
includes internet apps and this is just
a view of it right now it's being
wall-mounted this is it off and I'll
just turn it on for you guys to see how
bright and cool it is
this TV is going for around two thousand
dollars so to get on the pricey side but
I think it's really early website 33
your lesson or you can see how loud it
is Honda Toyota or Nissan get in and out
express service in 33 minutes or less
and you can judge for its to the graph
they hombre is required and now if i
press and this is the controller the
controller is very very good the only
downside to the controller is that it's
not backlit that's the only thing that I
really don't like about it but that's
basically about the controller the only
other thing is that it slides up so once
you slide it up there's a keyboard right
there so it's very handy because you
always end up having to type stuff which
is very very handy alright so if i press
at this metal button on the controller
via VI a then internet apps comes on for
the internet apps you have a choice of
hgtv hgtv settings yahoo weather a yahoo
news you can even do twitter you can do
voodoo I don't know what that is you can
do Rap City and you could do Amazon you
can do flickr and you can do netflix and
you can do yahoo finance you could do
videos on demand you could do TV guide
and you could do facebook in the widget
gallery is basically a gallery where you
could buy different widgets so if I
click on it I don't mean by widgets most
of the woods it's actually free so if I
click on it you have a choice of you
have a choice of feature latest all
widgets and categories so let's just I
assume all widgets it's obviously going
to show you all the widgets so let's
start from the top you have media box
wewe widget I don't really want to know
what that is I have ebay sudoku which I
actually bought
and if you scroll all the way down to
the end of the page you just click the
next arrow you just click the next era
and then it'll bring you to the next
feat they have died sewage it i'm
probably going to download that now so
if you go up to darts widget you just
press ok on the controller and this will
come up and so what you want to do is
you want to go to add widget to my
profile click ok and once you're done
with that it should be in your widget
gallery and you could you can see that
there's a there was a downloading bar
but now it says install complete which
is great alright so now if you click on
it it will bring you to that widget and
then it always has a sidebar that comes
up that as if you want to play or
whatever so just click play and you just
use the remote to play the dirts game
so now I just
and I asked you how many players are
there just click just me these are
really weird characters I'll just go
with him um it's dude challenge it's
just a simple review of the TV actually
yes alright whatever I don't know how to
play this so just bear with me I guess
you just click OK and then it does it
across oh alright you guys so that's the
review of the new vizio 55 inch LED TV
with internet apps it's a very great
deal as I said it is on the pricey side
of around two thousand dollars but I
really think it's worth it so I would
just go with this TV it's really good
and this is just another review from the
toys for techies piece on the bottom of
this great TV you will see a huge sound
bar and usually with vizio tvs you have
to buy the soundbar separately but in
this case it just comes with it on the
bottom of the TV on the left side of the
TV you will see a couple of buttons the
first one is the power button then the
menu button channel up button channel
down button volume up and volume down
button um input button and you have a
USB one button USB 2 in USB 3 and
there's stuff on the back of all they
said before it is wat wall mounted and I
can't reach it um the cool things that
on the back is that it has a HTML ma
hdmi input which is pretty much standard
on all these new TVs on the on the right
side there's nothing
so all the main stuff is really i'ma
left of the TV and on the back of the TV
alright so this is a review of the vizio
55 inch LED TV by tutorials for techies
thanks for watching and subscribe to my
videos don't forget to go to my channel
and subscribe